com.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService
com.android.vending.licensing.LicenseCheckerCallback$ApplicationErrorCode: com.android.vending.licensing.LicenseCheckerCallback$ApplicationErrorCode[] values()
com.android.vending.licensing.LicenseCheckerCallback$ApplicationErrorCode: com.android.vending.licensing.LicenseCheckerCallback$ApplicationErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.android.vending.licensing.Policy$LicenseResponse: com.android.vending.licensing.Policy$LicenseResponse[] values()
com.android.vending.licensing.Policy$LicenseResponse: com.android.vending.licensing.Policy$LicenseResponse valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.AstronomicalDetail
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.AstronomicalDetail: AstronomicalDetail()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.GPSTracker
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.GPSTracker: GPSTracker(android.content.Context)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendar
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendar: HijriCalendar()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: HijriCalendarTab()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void openConversion(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void astronomicalInformation(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void setTimetoNewMoon(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void setTimetoNewCrescent(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void setTimetoFirstQuarter(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void setTimetoFullMoon(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void setTimetoLastQuarter(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void setTimetoReal(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void setTimetoSunSet(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarTab: void setTimetoMoonSet(android.view.View)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarWidgetGreen
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarWidgetGreen: HijriCalendarWidgetGreen()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarWidgetRL
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriCalendarWidgetRL: HijriCalendarWidgetRL()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriConversion
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.HijriConversion: HijriConversion()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.MoonCanvasInfoWidget
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.MoonCanvasInfoWidget: MoonCanvasInfoWidget()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$array: int Offset
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$array: int Offset_Value
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$attr: int phase
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int background_color
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int black
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int colorNotifyAppt
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int colorNotifyApptTitle
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int colorNotifyTask
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int colorNotifyTaskTitle
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int gray
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int marker_color
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int mavi_color
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int red_color
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int text_color
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int white
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int widget_gray
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int widget_header
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$color: int yellow_color
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int appwidget_background
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int appwidget_bg
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int appwidget_bg_new
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int appwidget_bg_new_focus
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int appwidget_bg_new_press
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int appwidget_bg_wide
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int appwidgetmoon_background
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int btn_moon_selector
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int btn_selector
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int hijri_compact
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int hijri_full
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int ic_action_search
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int ic_menu_home
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int ic_menu_mylocation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int ic_menu_refresh
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int moon_canvas
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int moonhrfull
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int mwidget160_200_bg
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int mwidget160_200_gs
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int solar
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$drawable: int sun_moon_info
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int AbsoluteLayout1
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int AgeTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int BrownLunationTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int DateTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int DayName
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int DayNumber
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int Dayname
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int DeclinationTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int DistanceTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int EclipticLatitudeTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int EclipticLatitudeTxtFld2
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int EclipticLongitudeTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FirstQuarterTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FrameLayout01
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FrameLayout012
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FrameLayout02
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FrameLayout04
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FrameLayout05
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FrameLayout06
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FrameLayout07
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FrameLayout1
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FrameLayoutSun
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int FullMoonTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int IlluminatedTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int ImageViewSun
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int IsHolyDay
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int IslamicLunationTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int JulianDayTxt
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LLAge
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LLFirstQuarter
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LLFullMoon
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LLLastQuarter
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LLMoonSet
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LLNewCrescent
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LLNewMoon
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LLSunset
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LastQaurterTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout01
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout011
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout02
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout03
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout04
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout05
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout06
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout07
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout08
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout09
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout1
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout10
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout11
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayout12
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayoutDate
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayoutLit
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayoutPercLit
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayoutRise
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LinearLayoutTransit
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LocAlertTxtVvw
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LunarAzimuthTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LunarEclipseTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LunarElevationAtmosphereTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LunarElevationTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LunarPhaseIcons
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int LunationTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int MainLayout
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int Month
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int MoonRiseTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int MoonSetTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int MoonStatTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int MoonTransitTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int NewCrescentTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int NewMoonTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int PrevButton
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int RealTimeTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int RightAscensionTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int ScrollView1
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SolarAzimuthTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SolarDeclinationTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SolarEclipseTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SolarEclipticLatitudeTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SolarEclipticLongitudeTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SolarElevationTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SolarRightAscensionTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SunDistanceTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SunRiseTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SunRiseTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SunSetTextView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int SunsetTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem1
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem10
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem11
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem12
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem124
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem13
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem2
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem4
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem7
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextItem8
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView01
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView02
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView03
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView04
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView05
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView06
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView07
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView08
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView09
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView12
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView14
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView15
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView16
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView18
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView19
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView21
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView24
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView28
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView29
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView31
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView34
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView38
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TextView39
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int TimeDifferenceTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int ZenithTxtFld
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int about_item
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int after_magrib
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int ageTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int altitudeTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int azimuthTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int citynameTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int convert
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int dateButton
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int day
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int dayGreg
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int dayLabel
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int distanceTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int frameLayout2
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int help
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int hicriDisplay
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int hicriDisplayTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int hicriTitle
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int hijriYear
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int imageMoonWidgetRevised
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int imageViewMoon
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int julianDateTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int linearLayout1
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int linearLayout2
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int linearLayout3
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int litTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int lunationTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int menu_help
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int monthGreg
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int monthLabel
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int monthSpinner
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int moonRiseTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int moonRiseTxtViewLbl
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int moonSetTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int more_applications
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int nextButton
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int nextDay
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int note
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int posLatLongTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int previousDay
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int refresh
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int settings
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int solarmoonFrameLayout
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int sunElevation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int sunsetTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int textView1
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int textView2
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int timeButton
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int transitTxtView
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int transitTxtViewLbl
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int use_GPS
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int widget_hijri_green_layout
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int widget_hijri_relativelayout
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int widget_moon_revised
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int year
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$id: int yearLabel
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int about
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int activity_android_draw
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int conversionabs
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int eclipseinfo
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int help
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int moreinfo
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int my_spinner_style
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int solar_lunar_widget
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int widget_hijri_green
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int widget_hijri_relative
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$layout: int widget_moon_revised
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$menu: int menu
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int AREFE
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int ASHURA
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int BARAAT
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int DAYOFEIDAHDA
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int DAYOFEIDFITR
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int FRIDAY
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int HOLYMONTHS
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int JAMIZIALAHIR
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int JAMIZIALAVVAL
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int MAWLID
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int MERAC
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int MONDAY
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int MUHARRAM
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int NEWYEAR
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int QADR
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int RAGHAIB
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int RAJAB
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int RAMADHAN
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int REBIULAHIR
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int REBIULAVVAL
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int SAFAR
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int SATURDAY
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int SHABAN
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int SHAVVAL
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int SUNDAY
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int SetLocation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int THURSDAY
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int TUESDAY
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int WEDNESDAY
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int ZILHICCE
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int ZILKADE
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int about
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int about_text
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int advanced_settings
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int afterMagrib
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int after_magrib
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int allow
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int altitude
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int altitude_summary
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int app_name
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int application_error
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int astro_info
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int azimuth
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int blank
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int brown_lunation_number
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int buy_button
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int buy_pro
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int calendar
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int cardinal_east
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int cardinal_north
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int cardinal_south
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int cardinal_west
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int central_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int central_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int centric_elevation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int check_license
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int checking_license
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int conversion
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int convertButton
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int custom_city_summary
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int custom_city_title
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int date
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int dayLabel
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int declination
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int declination_2
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int delta_t
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int description
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int distance
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int dont_allow
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int eclipses
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int ecliptic_distance
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int ecliptic_latitude
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int ecliptic_longitude
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int elevation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int eq_declination
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int eq_ra
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int equatorial_distance
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int first_quarter
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int following
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int full_moon
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int height
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int help
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int help_text
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int hicriconversion
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int hijri_date_adjust
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int hijri_date_adjust_summary
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int illuminated
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int is_manual_input
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int is_manual_input_hint
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int islamic_lunation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int islamic_lunation_0
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int julian_date
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int julian_day
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int last_good_known
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int last_quarter
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int lat_summary
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int lat_title
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int loc_info
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int long_summary
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int long_title
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int lunar_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int lunar_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int lunation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int monthLabel
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moon_age
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moon_age_2
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moon_elongation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moon_elongation_summary
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moon_illuminated
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moon_rise
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moon_set
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moon_transit
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moon_transit_2
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int mooncalendar_settings
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int mooninfo
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int moonposition
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int more_applications
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int new_crescent
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int new_moon
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int next
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int no_location
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int partial_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int partial_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int partial_lunar_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int partial_lunar_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int penumbral_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int penumbral_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int pos_angle_axis
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_lunar_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_lunar_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_partial_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_partial_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_partial_lunar_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_partial_lunar_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_penumbral_eclipse
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int possible_penumbral_eclipse_abr
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int preceed
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int prefs_altitude
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int prefs_elongation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int prefs_pressure
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int prefs_temperature
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int pressure
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int pressure_summary
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int prev
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int quit_button
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int ra
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int real_time
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int refresh
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int right_ascension
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int settings
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int sun_elevation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int sunrise
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int sunset
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int temperature
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int temperature_summary
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int timezone_summary
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int timezone_title
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int tonight
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int topo_azimuth
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int topo_elevation
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int topo_elevation_athmosphere
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int topocentric_azimuth
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int unlicensed_dialog_body
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int unlicensed_dialog_title
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int use_GPS
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int widget_moon
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int widget_moon_live
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int widget_name
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int widget_name_compact
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int widget_sun_moon_info
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int yearLabel
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$string: int zenith
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$style: int AppTheme
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$style: int ButtonText
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$style: int styleName
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$styleable: int[] LunarPhaseIcons
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$styleable: int LunarPhaseIcons_phase
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$xml: int mooncalendar_preferences
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$xml: int widget_hijri_pref
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$xml: int widget_hijri_pref_green
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$xml: int widget_moon_live_pref
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.R$xml: int widget_sun_moon_pref
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.SunMoonInfoWidget
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.SunMoonInfoWidget: SunMoonInfoWidget()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.phaseEvents.MonthPhases$Phases: com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.phaseEvents.MonthPhases$Phases[] values()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.phaseEvents.MonthPhases$Phases: com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.phaseEvents.MonthPhases$Phases valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.phaseEvents.PhaseMoment$Phases: com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.phaseEvents.PhaseMoment$Phases[] values()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.phaseEvents.PhaseMoment$Phases: com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.phaseEvents.PhaseMoment$Phases valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.settings.MoonCalendarPreferenceActivity
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.settings.MoonCalendarPreferenceActivity: MoonCalendarPreferenceActivity()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.views.LunarPhaseIcons
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.views.LunarPhaseIcons: LunarPhaseIcons(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.views.LunarPhaseIcons: void setPhase(java.lang.String)
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.views.MoonCanvasView: float getPosAngleAxis()
com.cepmuvakkit.conversion.views.MoonCanvasView: android.graphics.Bitmap getBitmapImage()
